hello it's Ruby and today I am once more
going to be vlogging my university
experience
[Music]
so today it is Friday so this time last
week it was my very last full day at
home which is very strange because in
one way it seems like I haven't been
invited over to but on the other hand it
feels like I have been here for ages I
was talking about it with Liz who lives
opposite me literally it feels like
there's also week has been one of the
longest weeks of my life
so I thought I'd just quickly talk you
through what I was planning on doing
today well the first thing I really
wanted to do was Hoover but I've been
told that there's a utility cupboard
outside but I can't find it in the
corridor so just look at my fluid so in
need of a Hoover and I really really
want to youever it if you look at that I
mean I don't know how I managed to get
so much stuff on the floor so I do need
to go down and ask about that and where
it is I might actually check my pack my
welcome pack might have some details so
yes I want to Hoover and then I was
going to go to a brunch from the
vegetarian society because I do want to
join that society and they still am
going to join it but I'm not gonna go to
that brunch
it starts at 10:00 and it's currently
9:50 but I kind of don't want to go just
the cars basically I'm coming down with
the colon I know everyone says you know
fresh is flu and I didn't think I get it
because I'm trying to be careful and I'm
not staying out really late but I guess
it's just being exposed to new pathogens
so it does make sense but yes I'm not
feeling fantastic and so I don't really
want to go out this morning if I can
help it then from 3:00 until 5:00 I'm
going to go to a trampolining session
which I'm really excited about I really
want to join the trampoline society
because trampolining is really good
exercise and it's kind of a bit like
gymnastics and then at 8 through 211 I
am going to go to a Harry Potter banquet
at the firehouse which I'm really
excited for the location is apparently a
lot like the leaky cauldron / the Three
Broomsticks I can't really get a
definite answer on that but one of those
two bars
I think I'm gonna actually try and take
a nap today because I'm staying out
quite late and I'm feeling really tight
because I'm ill so I think I'm gonna try
and do that I just don't want to be
feeling really bad when my lectures
start because the first week is not the
best time to feel ill yeah so that's my
plan for today I think I'm just gonna
get started with doing some lecture prep
work because I've found a few
recommended readings and also handouts
from my first few lectures so I'm just
gonna look through those you know get a
head start
[Music]
okay so I'm basically on page five of
this reading and it's eight pages so I'm
kind of getting that it's taking quite a
while because I'm really trying to
reflect on it but I'm gonna get a strap
so this is my medicine
it's disgusting I'm sorry
[Music]
okay so this evening there is a Harry
Potter quiz night and I am going to do
some recap of Harry Potter trivia ready
for this quiz
[Music]
so I'm gonna give you a really quick
update as well on how I'm finding making
friends and things at university because
in my second vlog I spoke about how it's
actually more difficult than I might
have assumed when I filmed that video
I'd been at university for pretty much
eight hours because the day before I
literally wasn't a university at all I
went and dropped off my stuff and then
they went out with my parents so I had
I'd had about eight hours to play with
and to see people and meet people it
sounds really really silly because I
didn't expect that I was gonna be able
to find you know some really great
friends in eight hours who I would then
be friends with for ages but at the same
time a part of me kind of expected that
which is quite weird
um funnily enough so the evening that I
filmed that video I went to this curry
night with my friend Liz and we met two
people who met Karen and Katie and now
we're kind of all in a group together so
there may be about 20 people in this
group and we've been meeting up pretty
much every evening so I do have a group
of friends now and I mean lots of people
say that your group your friendship
group will change a lot from freshers
week to you know next week and things
I've made quite a few friends on my
course now and also this group which I
was just talking to about the reason
that I was I kind of opened up quite a
bit in that first video saying you know
actually it's harder than you might
think I wanted to talk about that
because I know that lots of people who
are going to university might be
worrying about that I think it's
something that people do worry about you
know especially if you've got quite bad
social anxiety and the prospect of just
going up to somebody and saying hi can
we be friends is quite daunting and
that's why I wanted to address it now in
this video I just want to let you know
that try not to worry too much I think
if you are actively engaged and you try
and go to events and
just stay in your room so I've made a
real effort to you yes I'm in my room
this morning actually because I'm
feeling quite ill and I don't want to go
out at the same time I think it's so
important to go to social events you
know for example if the theology Society
is holding something I'm gonna go to it
or if the philosophy Society is doing a
meet-up I'll go to it and it just gives
you a chance to actually meet people
also just saying hi to people when you
see them I think is so so important the
value in smiling at somebody and saying
hello is so much more powerful than I
think you realize and it can spark a
friendship so just keep that in mind and
it's nothing to worry about
if so as long as you engage as long as
you don't isolate yourself you won't be
isolated because everyone is so friendly
especially in this first week everyone
saying hi everyone's in the same boat
and you can pretty much go up to anyone
and have a conversation with them I've
probably met about 70 people which I'm
not even exaggerating it's just you know
you see someone and then you might walk
up the hill together or you might walk
to the marketplace together on something
and you just end up meeting all of these
people yeah so I just wanted to quickly
say that I hope that that's helpful to
some people maybe I'm just kind of
trying to help to ease the anxiety which
might come with moving to university
because I know that friendships is just
one more thing to worry about hopefully
me talking to you about this is helping
to ease that anxiety to some degree and
if you still are anxious or anything I'm
happy to do a Q&A about making
friendships in freshers week or
something on those lines if you'd like
to yes okay so no I'm just gonna get
started with doing this what did you
talk to about that first
so meditate yes clear table so let's do
that okay
post power nap curtains are open again
bed is remade I was just so tired and I
still um it's I should probably want to
get over this illness and I can't seem
to you not that it would just go away
from lying down for
20 minutes I'm just gonna quickly do my
hair it's quite messy at the moment
[Music]
okay so I decided to call my ponytail it
doesn't usually take very long because
it only takes about five minutes to do
and I really like the way that curly
hair looks I only get an angle where you
can actually see the back it kind of
goes out loads but into the matter okay
so I just went down to go and collect my
mail post sorry and so much has come for
me I feel really bad I thought
everything would come in one container
and as in one box from Amazon but there
are five packages here so I'm gonna do a
little unboxing show you what I've got
made it look basically this one is from
free prints so this isn't sponsored by
the way but free prints it basically
allows you to print off loads of photos
and I think it's your first 45 you get
for free so I ended up paying 8 pounds
for kind of a hundred and twenty or
thirty which is really really good and I
also got some from my lab which was
which a pricier but I like the design of
them this violence is in other minutes I
say yes it is so I love this so much
this is what the one that we have at
home actually and it was quite PC it was
ten pounds but I really really love the
mo bridgewater ones so they've got this
box at Amazon I'm kind of wanting to
open this one there so I have no idea
what this is oh okay basically I ordered
a poster Matilda the music cool to put
up my pin board I like this a lot
Matilda is my favorite musical if you
didn't already know so I'm going to have
one of these goodies gentlemen yes these
are technically for babies but they're
really really good not suitable for
children under 12 months um these are
basically for toddlers but basically my
nutribullet um I bought it with but do
you eat tiny things on the side there
are these tiny
his head which basically press down to
try to trigger the machine to actually
walk it's kind of three buttons and one
of them's broken on the one that I'm
saying
I ordered not one because it's really
hot I ordered an umbrella because I
forgot my umbrella I'm gonna open this
up and put it up okay so the calendar I
ordered starry nights 2019
I ordered a 16 month calendar which
basically means that it should go from
September and then through to next
December I'm just checking to see that I
actually ordered that one because
sending it back is gonna be such a pain
and it's such a nice calendar as well
maybe I should keep this and then just
print off one calendar shoes it feels
like mad it feels like I should
[Music]
I swear the trampolining it's basically
just an apron snatch up for two hours
and you can just come and jump in the
title
and looks like really good found I think
I'm gonna do
you
[Music]
so I'm just walking back from the Harry
Potter quiz night and I've just bumped
him I just can't say I bumped into these
amazing really lovely people yeah I just
want to say hi first of all sorry for
the inconsistencies blogging and second
of all look how amazing the pimple
behind me looks I'm so happy with how it
turned out but I just wanted to say
thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed it and
have a productive week